Add automatic renaming system to ObjCClass and ObjCProtocol (#419)
beeware/rubicon-objc: docs/tutorial/tutorial-2.rst

You'll need to be careful (and sometimes, painfully verbose) when choosing class
names.

> To allow defining classes with duplicate names, you need to set a class variable
> :attr:`~rubicon.objc.api.ObjCClass.auto_rename` to ``True``. This option enables
> automatic renaming of duplicate classes.
> 
> .. code-block:: pycon
> 
>     >>> ObjCClass.auto_rename = True
> 
> You can also do this by using the ``auto_rename`` argument.
> 
> .. code-block:: pycon
> 
>     >>> class Handler(NSObject, auto_rename=True):
>     ...     pass
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow a class name to be re-used, you can set the class variable
:attr:`~rubicon.objc.api.ObjCClass.auto_rename` to ``True``. This option enables
automatic renaming of the Objective C class if a naming collision is detected:

.. code-block:: pycon

    >>> ObjCClass.auto_rename = True

This option can also be enabled on a per-class basis by using the
``auto_rename`` argument in the class declaration:

.. code-block:: pycon

    >>> class Handler(NSObject, auto_rename=True):
    ...     pass

If this option is used, the Objective C class name will have a numeric suffix
(e.g., `Handler_2`). The Python class name will be unchanged.
```
